### Stakeholders in higher order thinking
*Experienced learning system users with their own learning system. Casual flash card users or notetakers. Educators looking for alternatives to now worsening preexisting solutions. Learning youtubers looking for something exciting to recommend and also flex their expertise in. Impacts: The experienced learning system user will be more critical of a new system but also more willing to push through any learning curve. The casual user will be less likely to learn a new system, but stands to benefit the most. The youtuber will be looking for innovative features to discuss with their audience, and especially in a learning curve to make a series of explanatory videos on. *

### Stakeholders in finding good fanfiction
*Experienced searchers (already seen good work in their specific fandom, looking for more); Inexperienced searcher (Has maybe heard of a specific franchise, but isn't in the know on its specific fandom space); Corporations(Owners of the intellectual property); Content creators(Involved in highlighting specific fandom spheres). The most adversarial stakeholder is likely corporations, who could be negatively impacted by a service that makes derivative work more intriguing than looking for new content. The experienced searcher may not feel the impact due to already having a keen eye, while the inexperienced searcher will have interest in lessening inconvenience. Content creators, like corporations, could see better search as a detriment to engagement or as a tool for them to find interesting things to talk about.*

### Stakeholders in clear stepping stones
*Tutorial hell sufferers(Most desperate for clear direction); Hobbyists(Looking for direction, but not as urgent); Professionals(Looking to fill in knowledge gaps); Educators(Possibly looking for alternative curricula); Content creators(Looking for ways to create more tutorials) Tutorial hell sufferers will be the most likely to handle whatever learning curve the tool presents to ger direction together with hobbyists. Professionals will likely be more willing to drop the tool because they have strong enough fundamentals. Educators may see it as inspiration or dismiss it for pedagogical flaws, and content creators could see it as easy boilerplate for content or a threat to engagement.*